---
title: More success for Graihagh
draft: false
date: 2024-05-13T13:06:42.650Z
tags:
  - PRESS
summary: Round-up of Penistone runners' results
---
Graihagh Turner of Penistone Footpath runners picked up the award for best Yorkshire female cross country runner at the weekend and backed it up with some excellent race results.  At the Howgill’s Hill fell race she finished second place in the under17 category in a high quality field as it was a English fell championships race.  On Monday she won the under17 girls category at the Yorkshire fell championship race at Coiners.  Penistone runners performed well in hot conditions at the Furty Furlong trail race in Mapplewell.  Suzanne McGill won the ladies race and George Parr won the race overall.  There were age category wins for Shaun Swallow (men’s over50) and Lesley Parker (ladies over40).  Three Penistone runners braved the heat to take on the Leeds Half Marathon.  The three were Sarah Halstead (2-07-35), Rachael Winterbottom (2-09-35) and Jill Scrivens (2-14-41).  Gareth Irvine (19-12) and Rob Lees (19-18) both broke 20 minutes at the Loxley Lash 5k.  For the same distance Rob Davies clocked 20-44 at the York 5k.  The week also saw the first in the Spencer’s Dash race series.  Podium positions for Penistone runners were Shaun Swallow (first man over50), Suzanne McGill (first lady over45), Oliver Pike (third man over40) and Alan Knox (third man over65).  On the parkrun scene there were first places for Suzanne McGill (Penistone) and Flynn Rogers (Hillsborough Juniors).  Emma Moore was second at Whinlatter Forest.  There were milestones for Stephen Lavender (100 parkruns) and Michael Nicholson (150 parkruns).  Age graded runners of the week were Suzanne McGill (80.66%), Richard Cottam (75.48%), Lee Storey (74.69%), Bernice Nixon (74.60%) and Keith Gordon (73.88%).